Token Wrapper: add installation guide (#55)
aragonone/token-wrapper: apps/token-wrapper/readme.md

## Caveats

In efforts to save gas costs and space to introduce the checkpointing, token amounts are limited to `uint192`. This should not pose a problem for any token, but as `uint192` supports a _very_ large range of numbers, but the TokenWrapper will stop accepting deposits once if it hits `2^192 - 1`.

## How to install

> **Prerequisites:** [aragonCLI](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/cli-intro) is needed to install the TokenWrapper to a DAO. Also note that you may have to change `--env aragon:rinkeby`  for  `--env aragon:mainnet` in case the organization is on mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Prerequisites:** [aragonCLI](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/cli-intro) is needed to install the Token Wrapper to a DAO. Also note that you may have to change `--env aragon:rinkeby` for `--env aragon:mainnet` in case the organization is on mainnet.
```

> 
> 
> ### 1. The first step is to install the app to your DAO: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### 1. The first step is to install the app into your DAO: 
```

```

> dao install <DAO address> token-wrapper.hatch.aragonpm.eth --app-init-args <Token address> <Wrapped token name> <Wrapped token symbol> --env aragon:rinkeby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dao install <DAO address> token-wrapper.hatch.aragonpm.eth --app-init-args <token address> <wrapped token name> <wrapped token symbol> --env aragon:rinkeby
```

```

> 
> This will install the new app that acts as a [Minime token](https://github.com/Giveth/minime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `token address` is the address of the ERC20 token you would like users to "wrap" into an organizational [MiniMe token](https://github.com/aragon/minime).

You can verify that the Token Wrapper app was installed into your org with:

```sh
dao apps <DAO address> --all --env aragon:rinkeby
```
```

> 
> ### 2. Next, create a permission for the TokenWrapper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Next, create a permission for the TokenWrapper:
```

```

> dao acl create <DAO address> <token-wrapper address> ROLE <Voting app address> <Voting app address> --env aragon:rinkeby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dao acl create <DAO address> <Token Wrapper app address> 0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff <Voting app address> <Voting app address> --env aragon:rinkeby
```

> ``` 
> You can get the token-wrapper address by listing the apps of your DAO with the following command: 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can get the Token Wrapper's address by listing the apps of your DAO with the following command: 

```
```

dao apps <DAO address> --all --env aragon:rinkeby
```

> At this point, you should be able to view the TokenWrapper app in the frontend. You can try it out by wrapping one of your tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

At this point, you should be able to view the Token Wrapper app in the frontend. You can try it out by wrapping one of your tokens.

```

> ### 3. Then, create a new Voting app instance linked to your wrapped tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Then, create a new Voting app instance powered by your Token Wrapper:

```

```

> dao install <DAO address> voting --app-init-args <token-wrapper address> 500000000000000000 150000000000000000 604800 --env aragon:rinkeby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dao install <DAO address> voting --app-init-args <Token Wrapper address> 500000000000000000 150000000000000000 604800 --env aragon:rinkeby
```

```

> The voting parameters in the command are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The command above includes the following voting parameters:
```

- `500000000000000000`: 50% minimum support
- `150000000000000000`: 15% minimum approval
- `604800`: Voting period of 7 days (604800 seconds)

> ### 4. And finally, create a permission for the new Voting app instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. And finally, create a permission for the new Voting app instance:

```

```

> dao acl create <DAO address> <new Voting app address> CREATE_VOTES_ROLE <token-wrapper address> <new Voting app address> --env aragon:rinkeby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dao acl create <DAO address> <new Voting app address> CREATE_VOTES_ROLE <Token Wrapper address> <new Voting app address> --env aragon:rinkeby
```

```

> This will let anyone who has wrapped at least one of their existing token to create a new vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will let anyone who has wrapped at least one of their existing token to create a new vote (as well as vote in any open votes).
```

## Caveats

In efforts to save gas costs and space to introduce the checkpointing, token amounts are limited to `uint192`. This should not pose a problem for any token, but as `uint192` supports a _very_ large range of numbers, but the TokenWrapper will stop accepting deposits once if it hits `2^192 - 1`.

## How to install

**Prerequisites:** [aragonCLI](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/cli-intro) is needed to install the Token Wrapper to a DAO. Also note that you may have to change `--env aragon:rinkeby` for `--env aragon:mainnet` in case the organization is on mainnet.

### 1. The first step is to install the app into your DAO: 

```
dao install <DAO address> token-wrapper.hatch.aragonpm.eth --app-init-args <token address> <wrapped token name> <wrapped token symbol> --env aragon:rinkeby
```

The `token address` is the address of the ERC20 token you would like users to "wrap" into an organizational [MiniMe token](https://github.com/aragon/minime).

You can verify that the Token Wrapper app was installed into your org with:

```sh

> dao apps <DAO address> --all --env aragon:rinkeby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dao apps <DAO address> --all --env aragon:rinkeby
```
```
